README.md, before:

# exportui

![Screenshot](/images/screenshot.png)

(*FIXME: In one or two paragraphs, describe what the extension does and why one would download it. *)

The extension is licensed under [AGPL-3.0](LICENSE.txt).

## Requirements

* PHP v5.6+
* CiviCRM (*FIXME: Version number*)

## Installation (Web UI)

This extension has not yet been published for installation via the web UI.

## Installation (CLI, Zip)

Sysadmins and developers may download the `.zip` file for this extension and
install it with the command-line tool [cv](https://github.com/civicrm/cv).

```bash
cd <extension-dir>
cv dl exportui@https://github.com/FIXME/exportui/archive/master.zip
```

## Installation (CLI, Git)

Sysadmins and developers may clone the [Git](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git) repo for this extension and
install it with the command-line tool [cv](https://github.com/civicrm/cv).

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FIXME/exportui.git
cv en exportui
```

## Usage

(* FIXME: Where would a new user navigate to get started? What changes would they see? *)

## Known Issues

(* FIXME *)

Commit message:

Update .info & Readme files for distribution.
I have added an extension page here
https://civicrm.org/extensions/export-ui

and with these changes we should be able to publish a downloadable release.

I would like to see us start to plan towards having this ship-enabled & then being moved into
core but we should probably get a 'proper' release out there as our first step.

We have hit no problems in production. I'm not 100% sure of the minimum version - since we are using on
5.18 and it is the current stable as well. I would expect us to increment the version
if we make any improvements & don't see any benefit in figuring out the technical minimum

README.md, after:

# exportui

![Screenshot](/images/ExportUI.git)

This extension replaces the screen used to map fields for exports with a more user friendly one.

Key features are the ability to re-order fields easily (missing from the core version) and
a in-UI display of the how the first few rows of the export will look with the chosen mapping.

The extension is licensed under [AGPL-3.0](LICENSE.txt).

## Requirements

* PHP v7.0+
* CiviCRM 5.18

## Installation (Web UI)

This extension been published for installation via the web UI.

## Installation (CLI, Zip)

Sysadmins and developers may download the `.zip` file for this extension and
install it with the command-line tool [cv](https://github.com/civicrm/cv).

```bash
cd <extension-dir>
cv dl exportui@https://github.com/FIXME/exportui/archive/master.zip
```

## Installation (CLI, Git)

Sysadmins and developers may clone the [Git](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git) repo for this extension and
install it with the command-line tool [cv](https://github.com/civicrm/cv).

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FIXME/exportui.git
cv en exportui
```

## Usage

When this extension is installed the screen for mapping fields on UI exports will present as the improved
version. No user action is required.

## Known Issues
